You know, we really
kind of hated each other in the beginning.
But now...
- But now?
- Huh?
- Lilia, where do you go?
- [chuckles]
[Lilia screams]
Are you all right, ma'am?
[Lilia] When I was chased
out of every village I passed through
for accurately predicting tragedy?
"Tame your fears."
That's what we're up against.
Our worst nightmares.
[speaking Sicilian]
[in English] Are we looking
behind us, or ahead?
Your lifeline is broken in two.
- [Billy] What?
- The Tower reversed.
[Billy] That can't be good.
[gasps] Tommy!
Wanda and Vision have kids?
[Ralph] The little speedster
and his mind-reading brother.
[Eddie] If you're not William Kaplan,
who are you?
I'm Billy Maximoff.
[screams] Help me!
No!
- [Lilia] What's happening? No!
- [both gasping]
Death comes for us all.
[Lilia gasps]
You'll get a nosebleed
trying that hard to read my mind.
- I'm not.
- Oh.
Okay.
You just can ask me your questions. Aloud.
[Billy] Okay, then, where's Rio?
Not that question.
Any other queries for your old babysitter?
It's the whole reason
you bought a ticket to ride, isn't it?
I'm your mom's ex-best friend.
I'll get what I want
at the end of The Road.
And she's not my mom. I have a mom.
Ooh!
Is Wanda Maximoff really dead?
Yes.
No. Maybe.
Did you see a body?
Yes, I did.
Did anybody else?
It's hard to say.
Hey, you want straight answers,
ask a straight lady.
That's different.
[sighs]
The Road is a fickle mistress.
More vague insight. Thank you.
- In my experience, what I...
- In your experience?
I honestly believed your experience
would be the key to our success here.
We're alive.
Success.
Now I wonder
if you've ever been on The Road.
Classic.
Oh! She's based on me, you know.
Prove it.
Well, you seem pleased with your look.
Well, if the cheekbones fit...
Oh.
Do you think this is important?
"Your path winds out of time."
It's Tarot. I know this, kind of.
I'll read for you, I guess.
No time like the present.
The Horse Drawn Carri...
- The Chariot?
- ...iot.
It's literally written on the card.
Right. So, obviously,
you're leaving somewhere behind,
and you have these sphinxes with you,
and they represent your...
Your... mysteriousness.
You have a real gift.
This card hasn't really come up much
for me.
[objects clangs]
I'll try another one.
Seven of Swords.
At least you're on theme.
I know this one.
It's about deception and betrayal.
Mmm. Check. Check.
But it's reversed.
So that means the opposite.
You're being truthful?
Well, that can't be right.
My turn.
Tarot is a con like any other.
There's no magick to it. There's no skill.
That's not true.
It's about intuition.
Knowing which card to pull.
And it's about interpretation,
divining their meaning.
Eenie meanie miney mo!
[grunts]
[cackles]
- Slow down! What is your problem?
- No!
- Your turn is going great.
- This is a numbers game.
We keep at it until we get
the right cards in the right spots
or the ceiling runs out of swords.
I'm not sure how much math you did
back in Salem, but that will take forever.
We still have some time.
I wish Lilia was here.
[gasps] I was falling.
Yeah, we both were.
Where are we?
You very clearly said we had to follow
this gross tunnel and look for shelving.
Shelving?
I don't know what that means.
Neither do I, but I listened to you.
Where's Agatha? Where's Rio?
- You told me that they were...
- Teen kicked us off The Road.
The son of the Scarlet Witch
kicked us off The Road.
What?
Teen is the son of the Scarlet Witch?
How do you know?
I told you.
Yeah.
- I'm filthy.
- You're filthy.
Yeah. Fittingly, we had a very grounding
heart-to-heart conversation.
Us? Really?
Okay, rude.
Five-minutes-ago-Lilia
would never say that.
You said this might happen,
but you're being extra wispy.
Wispy?
Kooky.
Which is it? Am I wispy or am I kooky?
A bit of both if I'm honest.
Alice. Alice, don't.
Try to save Agatha.
Uh. Yes, I love this plan.
I just think we should find
the ingredients first, though, right?
Lilia, what do you see?
[panting, speaking Sicilian]
[speaking Sicilian]
[in English] You are visiting, eh?
How long has it been?
Centuries.
A long time. For you.
We're having a lesson?
Your first.
Mmm. Tea leaves.
I was bad at tea leaves.
[Maestra speaking Sicilian]
[in English] This is a fiction
you told yourself and tell yourself still.
Because it's true.
Ah, the easy road.
What do you see, Lilia?
[gasps]
You're confused again. It's okay.
I'm not...
confused.
Okay.
Don't worry. I haven't heard them
since the subway station.
- I'm talking about the Salem Seven.
- I know that.
You think I'm batty, is that it?
You look at me and you see
some doddering old broad.
Tell me what more should I see.
No, no, no. I mean it.
Tell me.
You mentioned something about gaps?
The flow of time is an illusion, Jen.
Most people don't realize that.
When I was a child,
I experienced my life out of sequence.
I would get these flashes. These gaps...
Now it's happening again,
and it's... [gasps]
It's getting worse.
That sounds terrifying.
Why is it getting worse?
Maybe because I'm close to the end.
Of The Road?
Like, your full power is returning?
I'm not so sure I want it...
[screams] Back!
Agatha? What are you doing?
Did you not see imminent impalement
in your future?
- [groans]
- [Agatha gasps]
- Lilia! Well, I'm trying to help you!
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Are you okay?
Whoa! Ow!
I thought we were cool!
We are not cool, Teenager.
Damn, using his full name.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have lashed out at you.
You didn't deserve...
I wasn't hiding my power from you.
I didn't know that I could...
I'm not lying to you.
It was a surprise to me, too.
If I'd have known, I would've...
Yes,
of course,
I would have used it to save Alice.
You're reading my mind.
Only because it's so loud. No offense.
I remember you now.
Your bar mitzvah.
Lilia, take it easy.
Jen, aren't you furious?
I mean, always.
But collectively, we've moved on.
At your prompting, Dory.
Back off, Agatha. She's having a day.
The flow of time is an illusion, right?
So trust me when I say
you're not mad at the kid anymore.
What are you wearing?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
- What am I wearing?
- This is so demeaning.
- [Jen] Hey.
Focus up, Calderu.
We can be culturally offended later.
I was doing a reading for you.
That's right.
What went wrong?
I don't know. You seemed pretty on point.
I'm glad you're here now.
Because now you need me.
[grunts and sighs]
Ain't that just like a witch?
Lilia, are you the one
who cast the sigil on me?
I saw what was going to happen
to you that night.
I saw who you were
and who you would become.
I knew you'd need time.
[all screaming]
We didn't even put any cards down!
Maybe no cards is as bad
as the wrong ones.
What did I do wrong?
- Make it stop!
- I would if I could!
I hated this the first time!
Lilia's being weird again.
[screaming]
Looks like we came to the right place.
Are you all right, ma'am?
Stop. Stop, stop, stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
Tell me about your life now.
- What?
- Are you rooted in nature?
Not especially, no.
Are you nimble with your craft?
[scoffs] If I was, I wouldn't be here.
Have you a coven?
[chuckles wryly]
[in Sicilian]
[in English] A witch requires a coven.
What for?
It didn't work out for me the first time.
It's sure not going well now.
It's better to be a hermit. To be a fraud.
So much fear. Even now.
Please just tell me
how to control what's happening.
Your task is not to control, but to see.
- [Lilia gasps]
- What?
I was hoping
I would get to skip this part entirely.
Well, you did miss out
on the champagne brunch back there.
- Really?
- No.
You get any new intel
on your mental walkabout?
- I know what the next trial is.
- It's Tarot.
- Why didn't you say that?
- Because you're the one who told me.
[Jen] You said this used to happen to you
when you were younger.
Why'd it stop?
Because I wanted it to.
I ignored it.
I put it away.
Why?
Because all I saw was death.
- [Billy] Your turn is going great.
- [Agatha] This is a numbers game.
- We keep at it...
- Oh, my God.
...cards in the right spots
or the ceiling runs out of swords.
[gasps] Is that...
Shelving.
We still have some time.
I wish Lilia was here.
[Lilia groans]
[Billy] You're alive.
[Agatha] What...
Relax, baby. We're cool.
- We are?
- Hey, things are lookin' up.
Oh, my God!
My task is to see.
Who massacred this spread?
- He did!
- She did!
Who's the querent?
You mean the subject? Me.
I guess I'm the queer-ent.
[chuckles politely]
[grunts] The querent shuffles and cuts.
- Lilia, we don't have time for this.
- Shuffles and cuts.
Now, please ask your question.
- How are we gonna get out of here?
- Teen must ask.
Ask her how we're getting out...
It must be vital to his journey on Earth.
- I'd say it's pretty vital.
- Lilia, can you just deal?
- He must ask a question!
- What does it matter?
- Tarot takes time and care!
- And leads to large, gaping wounds.
Am I William or am I Billy?
That's a very good question.
See? Lilia knows what she's doing.
This is the "Safe Passage" spread.
The first card is you, the Traveler.
Next comes What's Missing,
the reason for your quest.
Here is the Path Behind,
wounds suffered, lessons learned.
Here is the Path Ahead,
a space for growth and discovery.
Of course, you will face Obstacles
preceding a potential Windfall.
You must overcome all
to reach your destination.
What, no snide remarks?
- Made sense to me.
- That sounded good to me.
Good. Now, Teen, I want you
to hold your question in your mind.
Push everything else away.
Focus on that question.
Pick a card.
You are the Magician.
You have enormous potential
and the ability to turn
all of your goals into reality.
Very fitting.
[all gasp]
I don't mean to question your methods...
Then don't.
Choose your next card. What's Missing?
The Sun. Good fortune, joy, reunion.
- "Reunion."
- [gasps]
[scoffs] How are we supposed
to get it right
when Tarot is completely subjective?
Pick again. The Path Behind.
- [gasps]
- No, no, no!
Get off me!
You know, we really hated each other
from the beginning.
But now...
I love you, guys.
- What am I missing?
- [Maestra speaks Italian]
[in English] What are you missing?
Why are you on this journey?
I didn't wanna come.
Then why did you?
To get my power back.
Is it gone? Where did it go?
This is not the true reason.
I'm a forgotten woman.
Then remember yourself.
What's worth remembering? That you died?
That I saw it coming?
Our entire coven wiped out by a fever.
I saw it.
I told you. But it didn't change anything.
Death comes for us all.
You say it like it's a comfort.
It is what we all have in common.
When will it come for me?
I was falling.
I will fall.
Yes. What will you do
with your remaining time?
Jen, wake up.
- What happened?
- The son of the Scarlet Witch
telepathically kicked us off The Road.
We sank beneath the surface,
and now we're here.
I have a lot of questions.
Agatha is in the trial with Billy.
- Who is Billy?
- The son of the Scarlet Witch.
Try to keep up.
It's a Divination trial. Tarot.
We've got to find the bookshelf.
I can see all the pieces
falling into place.
The gaps are filling in.
I'm telling you now because soon
- I'm not going to remember any of this.
- Okay.
Which way do we go?
Well, look at the options.
Is that the way out?
Off the Witches' Road?
[Salem Seven witches whispering]
Find her! Agatha Harkness!
- [Jen] The Seven.
- [Lilia] Hide!
[whispering menacingly]
Find her! Agatha Harkness!
Where are they going?
No need to worry about them right now.
Jen, I'm going to take this path
toward my trial.
Agatha and Billy need my help.
I hope you'll join me.
Why?
Because you are my sister in the craft.
I know what I did wrong.
"My path winds out of time."
I was reading for the wrong person.
I am the Traveler.
I am...
the Queen of Cups.
Now you see.
Empathetic, intuitive,
inner voice to be trusted.
Yes, you're a mensch, Lilia,
but let's say we place a card.
No sword.
If she got the card right,
why doesn't the ceiling stop?
What's Missing.
Three of Pentacles.
Collaboration, community,
singular voices waiting to harmonize.
I needed you. My coven.
[gasps]
The Path Behind...
The Knight of Wands.
Full of fire. Fights bravely.
[Billy] We're running out of time.
The Path Ahead...
High Priestess.
Immense spiritual power,
unable or unwilling to use it.
Obstacles...
Three of Swords.
Heartbreak, sorrow, grief.
The Windfall...
Tower reversed.
Disaster, destruction,
sudden upheaval, but reversed,
it means miraculous transformation.
And finally, the Destination...
[gasps and moans]
Who is that?
[Rio] Don't you recognize me, Lilia?
[women screaming]
[Jen] Agatha, what did you do?
You get your power
and I get my bodies.
Who is here with us tonight?
D, E,
- A, T...
H. Death.
[cackles]
In the end, all roads lead to me.
Rio is...
[Agatha] Lilia!
[whirring stops]
Lilia, you did it. You saved us.
What happened?
Rio...
She's Death.
She's what?
The original Green Witch.
Is it true?
What can I say? I like the bad boys.
[menacing whispering approaching]
The Seven. They're here.
Quick. Everyone in the iron maiden.
When she calls you a coward, hit the deck.
- What?
- Go.
- How...
- Magick.
Thank you.
I'm not going before you.
You're the Path Ahead, Jennifer.
- Lilia.
- I loved being a witch.
No!
You may not know this about The Road,
but when you successfully
complete a trial,
like I just did,
it's not a good idea
to overstay your welcome.
Usually something terrible happens.
Disaster,
destruction,
sudden upheaval.
Like the Tower, upright.
Let us begin.
[♪ folk music playing]
♪ Is to save every day ♪
♪ Till eternity passes away ♪
♪ Just to spend them with you ♪
♪ If I could make days last forever ♪
♪ If words could make wishes come true ♪
♪ I'd save every day ♪
♪ Like a treasure and then ♪
♪ Again, I would spend them with you ♪
♪ But there never seems
to be enough time ♪
♪ To do the things you want to do ♪
♪ Once you find them ♪
♪ I've looked around enough to know ♪
♪ That you're the one
I want to go through time with ♪
♪ If I had a box just for wishes ♪
♪ And dreams that had never come true ♪
♪ The box would be empty ♪
♪ Except for the memory of how ♪
♪ They were answered by you ♪
♪ But there never seems
to be enough time ♪
♪ To do the things you want to do,
once you find them ♪
♪ I've looked around enough to know ♪
♪ That you're the one
I want to go through time with ♪